Oh Ruth chant here in today's quick tip
I'm gonna show you how the scrap piece
of the wood laying around your shop can
help me do a variety of different things
I think one of the most obvious and
useful things with the block can be
useful is setting it up as a stop block
yourself this way you can make multiple
cuts always at the exact same length now
another great purpose for your block
comes in handy when you're drilling now
if you notice by drilling on the front
we pretty much get the same result but
by not having the back supported when my
drill bit came through it basically blew
it apart by having the back of this
clamps with your block of wood you have
a nice clean hole that comes through now
you notice my scrap piece of wood has a
couple of little extra things to it I
got a couple of grooves as well as I
hole drilled in it well those serve
different purposes
now most everyone knows that when you're
trying to clamp up a project you're
working on you want to use a block of
wood so you don't Mar up your project
but sometimes getting that block of wood
in all lined up clamping it to hold your
project well it's almost like you need a
third arm
here's where these grooves come in you
can place a rubber band in that and then
fasten it around you bar clamp now it
means clamping up your project a whole
lot easier now the purpose of a hole in
the block is where you put a screw
through it this will allow you to place
your project up and let you put on your
finisher stain well I hope you enjoyed
today's quick tip he go to wood chopping
time.com for more great videos and stuff
and tune in next week and I'll show you
one more tip you can use your block for
but until then they'll just have to keep
on dancing